Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
Good Good Good Good Good Good Good
Look at a player as fierce as you.
You don't deserve to participate in my competition at all.
I'll try this to suppress you.
What a fortune-telling plan.
You have to go deeper to host
You don't know someone unless you know him
It’s better to have a capital status
messenger
Next I declare
What the gold medal host will talk about after this time is
Liu Qing and other players